Update docs (#37)
GSA-TTS/assessment-review-tool: docs/localDevelopment.md

# Local Development

You'll need Rancher to run this application locally. You can use another container runtime
but you'll need a way to use the application's [docker-compose.yml](/docker-compose.yml)
file so the simplest path forward is just to use Rancher, which ships with docker-compose
compatibility.

> You will likely encounter difficulties trying to run this on your GFE. The best path
> forward is to use a [GitHub Codespace](#github-codespace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will likely encounter difficulties trying to run this on your GFE. One path
 is to use a [GitHub Codespace](#github-codespace).
```

# Tools
## Necessary

- jq
- Rancher
- [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert)

TODO: Bake `mkcert` into the [devcontainer Dockerfile](/.devcontainer/Dockerfile).

## Useful

- [React Dev Tools Chrome Extension](https://github.com/facebook/react)
- [Redux Dev Tools Chrome Extension](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-devtools)

## Running the Application

```sh
docker compose up
```

This will start PostgreSQL, a frontend React server, the backend API server, and a
[traefik](#local-ssh) container.

```sh
docker compose up --build
```

This will start everything after rebuilding our containers.

### Populate Local Data

> The application isn't very useful without data, so you'll need to populate it with some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application can't be tested without data, so you'll need to populate it with some
```
